Dear students,
 
It is with great pleasure that I would like to introduce to you the CEMS Social Business Competition supported by CARE International and Fairtrade International. This competition is open to all students, as long as there is participation of one current or alumni CEMS student.
 
The competition entails teams to devise a feasible Social Business plan and promote the project through www.SENStation.org. The top five projects will get the chance to pitch their idea to a Venture Capital firm, while the final winner will also win a monetary prize to be used in the launch of the new social venture.
 
Guidelines to the project are:
 
Develop a social and sustainable business model* 

empowering your community (and beyond), using at least one of the following subjects:

1. The business model ensures the fair trade of goods
2. The business model is geared towards the fight against poverty; tackling problems such as education, health and food security and ideally addressing underlying causes of poverty such as social exclusion and the denial of rights, particularly with respect to women and girls. 
*Ideas including technical or social innovation are encourage

For more information about the stages, rules and registration, see this link. 

We also invite you to join the SENStation.org community by creating an account with your school email address and supporting submitted projects through sending resources and providing constructive feedback at SENStation platform. We will also ask you to vote for the best project from 10th April – 30th April.
 
Finally, we ask you to help us raise funds for the Social Business Competition prize money through our 48hr, 26 country SENS NIGHT party! Learn more here:
If you have any questions do not hesitate to write us at sbc@senstation.org.
If you have an idea and want to participate, but do not know any CEMS student/alumnus let us know and we will help you here.

Develop sustainable solutions to critical real life problems and
Bring SENS to Life!

SENStation Team
